General User Information:

To place a gate, first click on the type of gate you want to add in the list on the right-hand side of the program,
and then click on an empty tile on the board.
By clicking on further empty tiles you can continue to place gates of this type until you 
either deselect it (by clicking the type again) or select another type.

To remove a gate, place an empty tile at its position.

To connect two gates, click on one of their in-/outputs, and drag a line to the out-/input of the other gate.
Note: You can only connect Outputs to Inputs (and vice-versa), and gates cannot be connected if this
connection would constitute a loop.

Creating a connection with an input that already receives another gate's output value will remove that old connection.

One gate's output can serve as input for multiple other gates. 
Any input not specified by another gate's output will default to FALSE upon evaluation.

You can undo any board action by clicking on Edit -> Undo or by pressing "CTRL + Z", and redo undone actions
by clicking on Edit -> Redo or by pressing "CTRL + Y".

To evaluate all circuits on the board, click on Edit -> Evaluate or press "CTRL + E".

To clear the board (remove everything), click on Edit -> Reset Board or press "CTRL + R".

You can save any board in a txt-file and load saved boards from txt-files with the proper structure.
To do so, select File -> Save or File -> Load or alternatively press "CTRL + S" or "CTRL + O" ("O" as in "Open", not zero!)

A note about undo/redo:
The stack with undoable commands gets reset:
 - when the circuits on the board are evaluated
 - when a file is successfully loaded into the program

The stack with redoable commands gets reset:
 - when the circuits on the board are evaluated
 - when a file is successfully loaded into the program
 - when another command is executed


A note about scrolling: 
When placing a gate on the border of the existing board,
the board will extend by one row or column or both, but the scroll bars
will only adjust if the user actively scrolls afterwards => If you are all
the way scrolled down and place a tile in the lowest row you have to scroll
up a tiny bit before you can scroll down to the new tile. Alternatively,
you can just not scroll down fully before placing the new gate.
Same for columns.

A note about placing gates:
You must not move your mouse between clicking and releasing the mouse button,
because otherwise this will be interpreted as mouse drag and an
attempt to draw a connection between gates (which will not do/draw anything if you clicked on an empty tile).